FULL CONTENT FOR: uploads\2b8f7d93-e9b6-48c7-ba19-95e87d96a5bb_A_Security_Argument_Pattern_for_Medical_Device_Assurance_Cases.pdf
Document ID: d9221b05-95f2-4202-9092-2483f597f5a8
==================================================

METADATA:
title: A Security Argument Pattern for Medical Device Assurance Cases
authors: []
year: 2012
doi: 10.1109/issrew.2014.89
abstract: 

==================================================

CHUNK 1:
Page: 1
------------------------------
2014 IEEE International Symposium on Software Reliability Engineering Workshops
A Security Argument Pattern for Medical Device
Assurance Cases
Anita Finnegan, Fergal McCaffery
Regulated Software Research Centre
Dundalk Institute of Technology
Dundalk, Ireland
{anita.finnegan, fergal.mccaffery}@dkit.ie
Abstract—Medical device security is a growing concern for Until now medical device manufacturers have only been
medical device manufacturers, healthcare delivery organisations required to demonstrate that their device is safe and effective.
and regulators in the industry. Increasingly, researchers are With the upcoming FDA cybersecurity regulatory guidance,
demonstrating exactly how vulnerable these devices are. In many manufacturers will now have to demonstrate that a medical
cases, networked medical devices are regarded as a potential device is also secure prior to placing it on the market [1]. In
weak link within a healthcare IT network that could provide a order to satisfy this requirement, it is recommended that
means to expose the entire network to a malware attack. At manufacturers supply documentation detailing (1) the security
present there is no formal method for implementing security risk
risks identified during the design stage, (2) the security controls
management practices in the medical device industry. However,
and justification of these controls to mitigate the risks, and (3)
with new regulatory guidance being developed by the Food and
a traceability matrix linking the security controls to the security
Drug Administration (FDA), medical devices manufacturers will
risks.
need to prove that their devices are secure. This paper presents a
security case framework that is currently under development. This paper describes research being conducted to develop a
The purpose of this framework is to provide medical device framework to meet the requirements of this regulatory
manufacturers and healthcare delivery organisations with a guidance through the use of assurance cases. Assurance cases
solution to assist both in establishing confidence in the security are structured, evidence based arguments used to demonstrate
assurance of medical devices and to also maintain this confidence
confidence that a system holds a particular critical property.
throughout the lifetime of the device.
Assurance cases were originally used to address safety
concerns for systems but the use of assurance cases has grown
Keywords—assurance cases; security cases; medical device
exponentially. Consequently, assurance cases are currently
security; cybersecurity, security capability argument pattern.
used to address other critical properties such as dependability,
reliability and security across a range of safety critical domains
I. INTRODUCTION
such as automotive, railway, defence, aviation etc. Whenever
Over the past few years the use of interoperable and assurance cases are used to argue safety and dependability they
networked medical devices has increased dramatically. These are referred to as safety cases and dependability cases
medical devices have functionality to communicate via respectively. Similarly, an assurance case arguing the security
healthcare IT networks in a variety of different ways i.e. of a system/software is called a security case.
wirelessly, across the internet, and from device to device. With
Traditionally, assurance cases in the medical device domain
this increase in adoption and availability of interconnected
have been used to address safety concerns [2]. Since April
medical devices, patients can now receive around-the-clock
2010, Infusion Pump manufacturers have been operating under
care, outside the healthcare environment, and even in the
the Infusion Pump Improvement Initiative where a draft
comfort of their own home. Consequently, resource demands to
guidance document [3] recommends the use of assurance cases
administer this patient care is significantly reduced. Healthcare
for use during the approval process for new Infusion Pumps
delivery organisations utilize a wide range of networked
entering the market. The FDA recommends the use of
medical devices from hard-wired monitoring devices such as
assurance cases to communicate information about the safety
diagnostic equipment (CT scanners) to implanted medical
of the device and how risks have been identified and mitigated
devices such as defibrillators. The benefits of networking these
[3]. The objective of the research is to investigate how a
devices are significant but in using such technology, a new set
security case framework can be adopted by both medical
of risks arise which can impact the safety of a patient. These
device manufacturers and healthcare delivery organisations to
are security risks, threats and vulnerabilities.
improve the overall security practices during both device
development and operation, right through to retirement.
978-1-4799-7377-4/14 $31.00 © 2014 IEEE 220
DOI 10.1109/ISSREW.2014.89
Authorized licensed use limited to: San Jose State University. Downloaded on March 03,2025 at 01:43:19 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

--------------------------------------------------

CHUNK 2:
Page: 2
------------------------------
II. OVERVIEW 80001-2-2 security capabilities are the foundation of this
framework.
This framework leverages on a number of security related
standards [4], [5], [6], [7], [8], [9], [10] and utilises the
concepts of Goal Structure Notation (GSN) and an argument The security capabilities are intended to support the
pattern [11]. In this particular instance, security cases are maintenance of confidentiality, integrity and availability which
intended to demonstrate confidence in the establishment of may otherwise be compromised intentionally or
security capabilities (as outlined in IEC/TR 80001-2-2). It is unintentionally. IEC/TR 80001-2-2, defines a security
difficult to argue that a system is secure [12] [13] beyond all capability as “a broad category of technical, administrative
doubt. Therefore, a more obtainable approach has been and/or organisational security controls required to manage
employed which argues that a number of security capabilities risks to confidentiality, integrity, availability and
have been acceptably established using a risk based approach. accountability of data and systems”. The security capabilities
do not however provide sufficient detail for the specification of
IEC/TR 80001-2-2 - Application of risk management for requirements but instead provide a classification and structure
IT-networks incorporating medical devices - Guidance for the that can be used to organise such requirements [4]. A key
communication of medical device security needs, risks and component of this research was to determine how such security
controls is a technical report which aims to promote the capabilities could be established through the implementation of
communication of security controls, needs and risks of medical a set of existing security controls. For this reason, the following
devices to be incorporated into IT networks between medical security standards we selected (based on expert opinion) to
device manufacturers, IT vendors and healthcare delivery identify these categories of security controls required to
organisations. This is the only guidance available to medical establish each of the security capabilities:
device manufacturers and healthcare organisations that
specifically addresses security requirements for networked • ISO 27799;
medical devices. The technical report presents an informative • ISO/IEC 27002;
set of high level security capabilities which are intended to be
the starting point for discussion between stakeholders. There • IEC 62443-3;
are a total of 19 security capabilities (see Table I) which
• NIST SP 800-53;
provide a template for a healthcare organisation to
communicate their security requirements for a given medical • ISO/IEC 15408-2;
device based on their needs taking into account operational
environment, network infrastructure, interconnected devices, • ISO/IEC 15408-3.
users etc. The aim is to facilitate more effective communication
All relatable controls from each of the six standards were
of the security requirements for a medical device. IEC/TR
mapped to the 19 security capabilities. This work (lead by the
authors and validated by the international medical device
standards working group IEC SC62a JWG7) is currently at a
Table I - IEC/TR 80001-2-2 security capabilities
committee draft stage and expected to be published as IEC/TR
Security
Code Capability Code Security Capability 80001-2-8 [14] with the International Standards Committee
Malware IEC SC62a JWG7. This document presents the categories of
ALOF Automatic logoff MLDP
detection/prevention security controls prescribed for a system to establish security
AUDT Audit Controls NAUT Node Authentication
capabilities to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability
AUTH Authorization PAUT Person Authentication
and accountability of data and systems.
Configuration of Physical Locks on
CNFS
Security Features
PLOK
Device
Cyber Security The security controls support the maintenance of
CSUP SGUD Security Guides
Product Upgrades confidentiality and protection from malicious intrusion both of
Data Backup and System and
DTBK SAHD which could potentially lead to compromises in integrity or
Disaster Recovery Application Hardening
Third-Party system/data availability. An example of one of the security
Emergency Components in capabilities (automatic logoff -ALOF) and associated, mapped
EMRG RDMP
Access Product Lifecycle security controls is presented in Table II. Table II illustrates
Roadmaps
that there are a total of 25 technical, administrative,
Health Data De- Transmission
DIDT TXCF operational and management security across all 5 standards for
Identification Confidentiality
Health Data ALOF. The selection of security controls for each security
IGAU Integrity and TXIG Transmission Integrity capability will be dependent upon the medical devices
Authentication manufacturers’: defined acceptable risk tolerance; required
Health Data
rigour; preferable security standard/guidance resource; and the
STCF Storage
Confidentiality appropriateness of the security control etc. [15].
221
Authorized licensed use limited to: San Jose State University. Downloaded on March 03,2025 at 01:43:19 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

Tables found on page:
Table 1:
Code	Security
Capability	Code	Security Capability
ALOF	Automatic logoff	MLDP	Malware
detection/prevention
AUDT	Audit Controls	NAUT	Node Authentication
AUTH	Authorization	PAUT	Person Authentication
CNFS	Configuration of
Security Features	PLOK	Physical Locks on
Device
CSUP	Cyber Security
Product Upgrades	SGUD	Security Guides
DTBK	Data Backup and
Disaster Recovery	SAHD	System and
Application Hardening
EMRG	Emergency
Access	RDMP	Third-Party
Components in
Product Lifecycle
Roadmaps
DIDT	Health Data De-
Identification	TXCF	Transmission
Confidentiality
IGAU	Health Data
Integrity and
Authentication	TXIG	Transmission Integrity
STCF	Health Data
Storage
Confidentiality		

--------------------------------------------------

CHUNK 3:
Page: 3
------------------------------
Table II - Security controls for automatic logoff (ALOF) as C1 will be the entire security case top level claim.
Standard Ref Control See Section IV).
SP 800-53 AC-1 Access Control Policy and • The pattern is applied to each of the 19 security
Management
capabilities regardless of whether the security
AC-11 Session Lock
capability is required or not. If a particular security
AC-12 Session termination
IA-11 Re-authentication capability is not required (C3) justification for non-
ISO/IEC 15408-2 FTA_SSL Session Locking and selection is required (J1).
Termination • Where the security capability is required, the pattern
FMT_SAE Security Attribute Expiration
will be developed through C4 with the inclusion of
FIA_UAU User Authentication
supporting information at CTXT3.
ISO/IEC 27002 5.1.1 Policies for information
security • At this point the strategy of the argument changes to
5.1.2 Review of the Information address the identified risks (S1). In order to argue
Security Policy that all potential risks are mitigated, J2 should be
9.1.1 Access control policy
instantiated to include, or refer to, a risk acceptance
9.4.2 Secure Log-On Procedures
policy to justify the choice of risks to receive risk-
11.2.8 Unattended user equipment
11.2.9 Clear desk and clear screen treatment.
policy • C5 asserts the completeness of threat/vulnerability
18.2.2 Compliance with Security identification with CTXT4 instantiated to include the
Policies and Standards
output of this process.
ISO 27799 7.2.1 Information Security Policy
Document • C6 claims that no unacceptable risks, as defined by
7.2.2 Review of the Information the policy at J2, exist.
Security Policy • Where no unacceptable threats/vulnerabilities exist
7.8.1.2 Access Control Policy
(n=0), Sn1 is instantiated otherwise, at C7, each of
7.8.3 Unattended User Equipment
the threats requiring risk treatment are addressed
7.8.3 Clear desk and Clear Screen
Policy individually.
7.8.4 Secure Log-On Procedures • Additional information regarding the cause or threat
7.8.4 Session Time-Out scenario for each individual risk should be detailed
7.8.4 Limitation of Connection Time and instantiated at CTXT5.
Compliance with Security
7.12.3
Policies and Standards C2
IEC 62443-3-3 SR 2.5 Session Lock Security Capability
[ALOF] addressed
SR 2.6 Remote session termination
n = 19
CTXT3
ecurity Argument Pattern J1 C3 C4 Asset the [ALOF]
As mentioned, in the previous section, the security case { n J o u n st - i s f e ic le a c ti t o io n n f o o r f S [A e L c O ur F i ] t y n o C t a p e a st b a i b lit li y s hed S [A e L c O ur F i ] t y e s C t a a p b a li b sh ili e ty d a p d ro d t r e e c s t s s e s /
[ALOF]}
comprises of a security capability argument pattern
(throughout the remainder of this paper this will be referred to S1 J2
Argue all potential {Policy for
as a pattern). The pattern has been developed to: 1) reduce the threats /vulnerabilities determining risk
mitigated acceptability criteria}
complexity of the security case [16]; 2) reduce the likelihood
of incomplete/inadequate arguments; and 3) with the inclusion
CTXT4 C5
of this information presented in the security case, it is P {T r h o r v e id a e t/ s V ulnerability X} { T I h d r e e n a t t if s i / e v d u lnerabilities} T id h e r n e t a if t i / c v a u t l i n o e n r ability
anticipated that the integrity of the evidence is better complete
n
understood. Patterns can also support the concept of re-usable C6
arguments that can be recorded and retrieved for re-use within No unacceptable risks
present
a security case for a particular medical device, or for multiple
n>0 n=0
security cases with similar type risks associated with the Sn1
d us e e s s ig G n S a N nd n u o s ta e t i o o f n m an u d lt i a p d le d it o io f n m al e d ex ic t a e l n s d io ev n i s c e a s s . p T re h s e e n p t a e t d te r in n C { s C c T e a X n u T a s 5 e r i / o t / h c r o e n a s t equence} C R { X t 7 } i h s m k re a i a t s i t g s / o a v c t u e i l a n d t e e r d a b w il i i t t h y n T V lo h u g r l n e e a r t a / bility
[11]. S2 CTXT6
A
m
r
i
g
ti
u
g
e
a t
o
in
v
g
e r
c ontrols
I
R
E
e
C
f
/
T
T
a
R
b
8
le
0 0
[X
0
]
1 -2-8
Fig. 1 provides an overview of the pattern. n
C8
Control [X] to
• The pattern takes a risk-based approach and starts mitigate
threat/vulnerability
with a top-level argument claim (C2) addressing a
Fig. 1. Security Capability Argument Pattern
particular security capability, in this example,
automatic log off (ALOF). (C2, not C1 is used here
222
Authorized licensed use limited to: San Jose State University. Downloaded on March 03,2025 at 01:43:19 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

Tables found on page:
Table 1:
Table II - Security controls for automatic logoff (ALOF)		
Standard	Ref	Control
SP 800-53	AC-1	Access Control Policy and
Management
	AC-11	Session Lock
	AC-12	Session termination
	IA-11	Re-authentication
ISO/IEC 15408-2	FTA_SSL	Session Locking and
Termination
	FMT_SAE	Security Attribute Expiration
	FIA_UAU	User Authentication
ISO/IEC 27002	5.1.1	Policies for information
security
	5.1.2	Review of the Information
Security Policy
	9.1.1	Access control policy
	9.4.2	Secure Log-On Procedures
	11.2.8	Unattended user equipment
	11.2.9	Clear desk and clear screen
policy
	18.2.2	Compliance with Security
Policies and Standards
ISO 27799	7.2.1	Information Security Policy
Document
	7.2.2	Review of the Information
Security Policy
	7.8.1.2	Access Control Policy
	7.8.3	Unattended User Equipment
	7.8.3	Clear desk and Clear Screen
Policy
	7.8.4	Secure Log-On Procedures
	7.8.4	Session Time-Out
	7.8.4	Limitation of Connection Time
	7.12.3	Compliance with Security
Policies and Standards
IEC 62443-3-3	SR 2.5	Session Lock
	SR 2.6	Remote session termination
		

--------------------------------------------------

CHUNK 4:
Page: 4
------------------------------
• The strategy of the argument changes once again at delivery organisations to maintain the security capability,
S2 to argue over the selection of mitigating controls further administrative or operational controls may be required.
for each of the identified risks requiring risk- For example, consider the security capability “automatic
treatment. logoff” where a risk of exposure to confidential health data
• CTXT6 should be instantiated with a reference to the exists without the capability. A medical device manufacturer
may select authentication controls by enabling passwords or
source of the security control. In this case IEC/TR
tokens. The manufacturer may also establish authentication
80001-2-8 is included; however, a medical device
failure handling controls to allow the system to disable after a
manufacturer may choose another source or guidance
number of incorrect log-on attempts. Results of tests carried
for selection of security controls.
out to ensure these controls have been correctly implemented
• Finally, at C8 the claim relates to each of the selected
are documented by the medical device manufacturer as
security controls. evidence within the security case. In order to support these
controls, a healthcare delivery organisation may develop an
IV. SECURITY CASE
“authentication and identification” policy, therefore, providing
In support of IEC/TR 80001-2-2 and the security additional evidence to support the establishment of the security
capabilities, development of security cases are the key element capability automatic logoff.
of this framework for the interchange of security capability
information between medical device manufacturers and
III. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
healthcare delivery organisations. The purpose of this
framework is to provide an end to end solution useful during This paper presents a brief overview of ongoing work in
development, certification and operation. the area of medical device security assurance within the
Regulated Software Research Centre. The security case
The pattern (presented in section III) constitutes only a
framework incorporates a number of existing international
subset of the security case. In addition to the components of the
standards, guidance documents and processes which have
pattern depicted in Fig.1, there are a number of additional
guided the development of the security argument pattern. The
components required in order to complete the security case.
security argument pattern has been structured in such a way to
These include:
provide regulators and healthcare delivery organisations with a
• The top-level claim (C1) – This is the overall claim comprehensive matrix showing the link between the security
and purpose of the security case which, in this case risks, associated causes, the mitigating security controls and
may be written as “All security capabilities have been evidence of those controls being implemented to establish the
acceptably established”. C1 is developed to include security capability.
the underlying patterns for each of the 19 security
In addition to developing a catalogue of security controls
capabilities;
relating to the security capabilities, a vulnerability database is
• Information regarding the medical device, its
currently being developed. This ‘live’ database will provide a
intended use, operational environment etc. should be
link between each of the 19 security capabilities, their
included as context (CTXT1) at the top-level claim
associated vulnerabilities and mitigating controls. The purpose
(C1). This information is valuable in terms of
of this is to develop a security case repository to inform
agreements between stakeholders and also to provide
medical devices manufacturers during security risk
information to healthcare delivery organisations for
management activities.
optimal operational use post deployment;
• Context (CTXT2) regarding assets, medical device The catalogue of security controls is currently being
system description, interfaces, boundaries etc. should validated by a working group of international security experts
also be included in a separate context component at and also experts from the International Standards Committee
the top-level claim. Again, this information supports IEC SC62a. It is expected that this will be published as
ideal operational use; IEC/TR 80001-2-8. A new work item proposal has also been
• Evidence (Sn#) or proof of the successful raised by the authors within the same International Standards
establishment of a security control. Evidence is the Committee to publish a second technical report (TR). This TR,
most crucial component of the security case which IEC/TR 80001-2-9 - Application risk management for IT
should be adequate, necessary and suitable [17] networks incorporating medical devices – Part 2-9:
(connected to the lowest layer of sub-claims). Application guidance – Guidance for use of security
assurance cases to demonstrate confidence in IEC/TR 80001-
Security controls selected by the medical device
2-2 security capabilities [18] has recently been drafted and
manufacturers, may often be technical controls and evidence
should be documented in the security case to demonstrate submitted for ballot and comments. The TR presents a
confidence in the establishment of those controls. This framework for developing the security cases to establish
evidence may include results of testing, analyses or historical confidence in the security capabilities outlined in IEC/TR
information. However, as the intention is to develop a 80001-2-2.
framework that is useable by both manufacturers and
In terms of developing, interpreting and updating the
healthcare delivery organisations (end users), additional
security cases, the framework will also be validated in
security controls may be required. In order to enable healthcare
223
Authorized licensed use limited to: San Jose State University. Downloaded on March 03,2025 at 01:43:19 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

--------------------------------------------------

CHUNK 5:
Page: 5
------------------------------
industry both with medical device manufacturers and Networked Medical Devices in SPICE 20132013,
healthcare delivery organisations located both in Europe and Springer: Bremen, Germany. p. 25-36.
the US. 3. FDA and CDRH, Total Product Life Cycle: Infusion
Pump - Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions
In the medical device domain, a gap exists as there is no
- Draft Guidance, 2010.
standardised way to assist organisations to satisfy new security
4. IEC, TR 80001-2-2 - Application of risk management
related requirements [19]. Therefore, the objective of this
for IT-networks incorporating medical devices -
research is to investigate this gap further and provide a
Guidance for the disclosure and communication of
solution to benefit the following:
medical device security needs, risks and controls,
• Medical device manufacturers; as they will be soon
2011, International Electrotechnical Committee,. p.
be required to demonstrate evidence that a medical
Page 30.
device is secure both from a development and a final
5. ISO, EN ISO 27799:2008 Health informatics.
product perspective [1]. One of the main aims of this
Information security management in health using
research is to provide a framework to assist
ISO/IEC 27002, 2008.
manufacturers to demonstrate and communicate the
6. ISO/IEC, 27001 Information Technology - Security
security capability of medical devices.
Techniques - Information Security Management
• Healthcare delivery organisations; they have been
Systems - Requirements, 2005.
frustrated for years with medical device
7. IEC, 62443-3-3 Ed 1.0 -- Security for industrial
manufacturers and vendors who refuse to address the
automation and control systems -Network and system
security issues that medical devices create in a timely
security -- System security requirements and security
manner [20] [21]. Medical device security is
assurance levels 2013.
becoming increasingly important for healthcare
8. NIST, 800-53 R4 - Recommended Security Controls
delivery organisations as they are responsible for the
for Federal Information Systems and Organisations,
security assurance of devices on their networks [22]
U.S.D.o. Commerce, Editor 2013.
[23] [24]. This research addresses the needs of the
9. ISO/IEC, 15408-2 Information Technology - Security
healthcare delivery organisations through the
Techniques - Evaluation Criteria for IT Security, in
integration of security cases as part of their on-site
Security Functional Components2008.
risk management process.
10. ISO/IEC, 15408-3 Information Technology -
At present, there is no formal method for addressing Security Techniques - Evaluation Criteria for IT
security practices within the medical device industry. This is Security, in Security Assurance Components2008.
the primary focus of this research and so it is expected that the 11. Kelly, T., Arguing Safety - A Systematic Approach to
output of this research will positively impact the medical Managing Safety Cases, in Department of
device domain in both the EU and the US by building Computing1998, University of York.
awareness of security vulnerabilities, threats and related risks 12. Kelly, T. and R. Weaver, The Goal Structuring
between the healthcare delivery organisations and medical Notation – A Safety Argument Notation, 2004.
device manufacturers. 13. Bloomfield, R. and P. Bishop, Safety and assurance
cases: Past, present and possible future - an Adelard
ACKNOWLEDGMENT perspective. 2010.
This research is supported by the Science Foundation Ireland 14. Retrieved 10 May 2014. http://www.merriam-
(SFI) Stokes Lectureship Programme, grant number webster.com/dictionary/defeasible. defeasible.
07/SK/I1299, the SFI Principal Investigator Programme, grant 15. IEC/WD, 80001-2-8 - Application of risk
number 08/IN.1/I2030 (the funding of this project was management for IT networks incorporating medical
awarded by Science Foundation Ireland under a co-funding devices – Part 2-8: Application guidance – Guidance
initiative by the Irish Government and European Regional on standards for establishing the security capabilities
Development Fund), and supported in part by Lero - the Irish identified in IEC 80001-2-2. Lead Author:
Software Engineering Research Centre (http://www.lero.ie) A.Finnegan, In Press.
grant 10/CE/I1855. 16. Yamamoto, S. and Y. Matsuno, An Evaluation of
Argument Patterns to Reduce Pitfalls of Applying
REFERENCES Assurance Case, in ASSURE 20132013: San
Francisco, CA, USA.
1. FDA and CDRH, Content of Premarket Submissions 17. Zeng, F., M. Lu, and D. Zhong. Software Safety
for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Certification Framework Based on Safety Case. in
Devices, in Draft Guidance for Industry and Food Internation Conference on Computer Science &
and Drug Administration Staff2013. Service System (CSSS). 2012.
2. Finnegan, A., F. McCaffery, and G. Coleman, A 18. IEC/WD, 80001-2-9 - Application of risk
Process Assessment Model for Security Assurance of management for IT networks incorporating medical
devices – Part 2-8: Application guidance - Guidance
224
Authorized licensed use limited to: San Jose State University. Downloaded on March 03,2025 at 01:43:19 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

--------------------------------------------------

CHUNK 6:
Page: 6
------------------------------
for use of security assurance cases to demonstrate 21. Millman, G.J., Medical Device Makers Slow to
confidence in IEC/TR 80001-2-2 security Address Cyber Risks, Hospitals Complain, W.S.
capabilities. Lead Author: A.Finnegan, In Press. Journal, Editor 2013.
19. Government Accountability Office, Medical Devices, 22. FDA and CDRH, FDA Safety Communication:
FDA Should Expland Its Consideration of Reminder from FDA: Cybersecurity for Networked
Information Security for Certain Types of Devices, Medical Devices is a Shared Responsibility, 2009.
GAO, Editor 2012. 23. DHS, Attack Surface: Healthcare and Public Heath
20. Talbot, T., Computer Viruses Are "Rampant" on Sector. 2012.
Medical Devices in Hospitals, M.T. Review, Editor 24. Deloitte, Networked medical device cybersecurity
2012. and patient safety: Perspectives of health care
information cybersecurity executives. 2013.
225
Authorized licensed use limited to: San Jose State University. Downloaded on March 03,2025 at 01:43:19 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

--------------------------------------------------

